most dangerous things of everything the job training okay the Great Lakes
for part of damage control schools so that for far five and we had
to learn hi personally all hot you've got to fight a fire I prefer
to be number one also to know what is going to take to know how long
I could take it on all up there was this to do that that's about
the only thing that was musically dangerous lives when one of the aircraft
crashed on that way live I had a righteous lotion on that of
all the helicopters or not was so awful some **** and lost examples
include dangers so I had the it to our initiative from shore power through
the ship was a patient and and that far I had to be put out of
this with you all the fire we had isolated filler so it is yeah at
mostly this is